would you like me to tell you a special
story you
would come on up here
now let me see
[Music]
can't live
still I feel the we ofing myself
[Music]
you
one
[Music]
e
so there is
[Music]
like a fun fact about this
song before viop Pony in 2010 2011
2012 I was an artist named dark Phoenix
I never released anything publicly but
that was my name I went by dark Phoenix
spelled
incorrectly
um and I made a couple albums under the
Alias they weren't that
interesting
but I still have all the project files
for them I still have all the music I
made when I was that age
and I sampled one of those songs in this
in this song and reflected in the eyes
of the cavern lurker it's a song titled
Palace of
Jupiter it was a 12 minute ambient like
progressive
rock
song Oh God hoofprints hoofprints my
beloved oh my
goodness do we play this out why don't
we play this one out
[Music]
that's actually a really cool song to
transition out of reflected the eyes of
the cavern lurker
I'm such a sucker for like wall of sound
stuff where there's
choirs so hu Prince had to have a drop
that was like that
oh God the
fans I think something I tend to do is I
tend to break out the momentum of a lot
of like dancable songs
like if you played this at like a club
like this part would make no [__]
sense but it's my favorite thing to do
getting Solomon reflective in the club
tonight so
true my favorite ice cream is uh cookie
dough
I really I really love fairy tales the
album and especially this song
where can you find more music like my TW
monsters that's kind of a hard thing to
a hard question to answer cuz like there
really isn't a lot of music that sounds
like what Tracy's doing right now you
can find bits and pieces of her
Inspirations but like you can't really
find anything that sounds like what
she's
doing obviously you could listen to
Sophie you can listen to some Sophie
music but well what Tracy's doing is
pretty
new the bees are not here yet but
they're on the
[Music]
way I really like this part a lot too
the high string trills
ah Footprints fairy
tales super Pony world Zer zero
simulation and and super Pony world
fairy details are like so [__]
special to
[Music]
me okay that's been played out all who's
in call with me today we have we have
bny and stardust I think I'm releasing
them
hello hi
B
Bell
uh okay I tend to fill out higher
frequencies in wall of sound moments
ironically is by cutting the high end
you use high frequency sounds that are
like playing higher notes but you make
sure that it's not shrill to the point
of like hurting your ears so you
actually like like like low pass
everything just ever so slightly
is there a playlist your entire
discography in order there is one but I
didn't make it I feel like there someone
made it you can find on Spotify I'll
make one eventually I'm just
lazy um well hello welcome to stream
nice nice
thing
um we are it is March 12th technically
technically by all technicality it is
the baddy it is the baddy birthday it's
the baddy
day everyone should say happy birthday
to
baddy it's baddy
day I've decided that bad's turning 81
this year so
congratulations Badd birthday
happy 82 lil bro this number keeps
increasing every single
time
um uh so yeah Baddie baddy is the
birthday and stardust is the uh holding
a knife to my neck which is great
uh in all of your mailboxes in
approximately 4 days yeah and I love
knives you love knives I mean I know
this about you yeah
uh okay like the past the past like
month or
two I've been trying to work on love
and& Pony step and like I've been going
like into these bouts of like uh burnout
and
like just art blocks and stuff and this
crazy thing has happened in the past
week only just the past week that I went
from getting like no progress on the
album to virtually finishing three songs
in a week for the album so that's
funny
[Music]
um what we're trying to do here is I
think we want to
do what 17 songs to the album and four
skits if everything works out
properly to be honest if I got if I
tried talking about my music on stage I
would get brewed off stage that would
make
sense that would
happen yeah the plan is 17 songs for
skits if everything if everything works
out properly no guarantee it will but
that's what we're aiming
for very very
fun what genres is this
album It's the the way I would describe
love and pony step is it's
my it's my Disney Channel original movie
soundtrack but it has bro step in it for
no reason I hope that makes sense
oh I keep changing the track list and it
keeps getting weirder and weirder every
single time hold on let me see if I can
get the the the work in progress one but
just I I keep I keep changing things so
again subject to change I'm going show
this
but this album will have a 911 song on
this album will have a 911
song why does my computer think Lan is
not a
word it certainly is
outro is a word
too sorry I was just removing
the I was just removing the [__] miss
spells from this cuz it whatever
but this is like the projected track
list if everything goes according to
plan I I love my song titles for this
album so much
I've been playing demos here there here
and there on stream every now and then
and I'm probably going to stop doing
that for now because now we're in like
the midstage of the album where stuff is
really starting to get flushed out I'm
like okay now I can now I can start
being a little bit little bit
secretive um but yeah radio version and
the reason for that
is a lot of them there a few of the
songs on this album are
like really I mean the word the word I
would use is like
sleazy some of the lyrics the S were
really Sleazy and my love as a cric
scope is going to we're going we want to
do a music video for it and for that
reason alone um where I just wanted to
have ver a radio version where it's like
we we turn the sleeves down to make it
more appropriate for
everyone it's like just clean it's just
it's cleaner it still has like swears in
it but it's less like it's less it's far
less
vulgar it still has a slur in it it
still has a slur in
it I think I think F slur is in this
album already three times it's great
it's awesome I can't say it cuz YouTube
might attack me but it's fine yeah
will it be a fortnite music video I am
actually do I I am actually putting
Clips together to be
honest I I have been putting Clips
together for the music video she's
recreating fortnite in real life for
this one if monoc monsters was Meet The
crs's Love prod L prod up not like us
that is a real question isn't it
I I don't know how exactly to work this
analogy out um but I'd say
maybe sure why
not oh yeah
uh someone mention won xal yeah uh
[__] so the crazy lore is cuz the won
xal is a reference to the the uh Taylor
Swift's uh never uh we will never ever
ever get back
together uh Wonka and Hal crack Ship
video animation that someone did and I
actually reached out to that person and
they're doing the art for the song so
it's come full full
circle [__] gag is better I funny and I
the joke is that I funny and [__] gag or
both
sucks that's the
joke um it's like partially Canon
too cuz wolf who who baddy was it you
who keeps calling wolf an iPad
baby I think bad keeps calling wolf an
iPad
baby maybe I don't know
but wolf could be an iPad baby it's
fine this is a really good stream
this is what everyone came here
for okay okay okay do I have the
do you
agree
yeah hold everybody else funny
here oh screaming in public restrooms
prank
screaming in public restrooms
prank y'all see this I need to get
Arthur to say that
again I just feel like do I feel like
doing that sometimes okay do I know viop
Pony music
okay all
right Sledge Sledge the start off
today that's
way he backck
it fatty it's you you art
[Music]
The
Wanderer musicians of
Ponyville yay that's a five out of five
right there
partner the
winner let's fly to the
castle
carel oh in the name of
friendship is that Dan of the
mov
okay oh that
glimmers good five for five for five for
five
I think it's funny you have a song
called All That glimmer and one called
Everything glimmer it's
true uh all that glimmer didn't matter
too much musically so we could reuse the
title yeah had
fine people are name the same things
sometimes yeah people share names
okay it's
rain could it couldn't it be Carousel
again okay
no
oh shelter
Destinies
no oh crywolf and Echo flower
s that's a
single I think it's no matter what
2022 I mean 2020 sorry yeah I was right
nice
wonderful oh fing
that's going to take me a
second
kayak turn up my volume for
this oh Showtime
don't turn my Vol down too
much different kind of
magic so five for five for five for five
for five for five and then three for
five
nice very good
um but I also realized that it exported
a video for dual head of
hydranoid I was going to play the first
second of it cuz it's really funny we're
being dominated go on the
aggression in the Bony bring out the
juicer H in the Bony bring out the
juicer Po in the Bony bring out the
juicer dummy so this is the
wa that is the music
video be great we're being dominated go
on
theg I like the the
the oh I'm I'm am so alone Paradise
Valley this this is a silent movie
version of Paradise Valley
did said I'm I'm So Alone Paradise
Valley wait wait wait wait oh oh
oh
oh this
Cadence I love the statue of
me that's
Cadence I love the statue of me
and
then you said birly ass
statue
yeah I said that you said Wordly ass
statue where is the oh I
deleted or did
I I did okay never mind let's
game it's all about the game it's all
about the game
wait cuz we got we
got we got we got
we if only dishy were in chat because we
have the dishy sample
pack cuz we have
the and here it's all about the
game and here it's all about the game
but then also the we have the that
actually happened to a treacherous
friend of mine that actually happened to
a treacherous friend of mine that
happened to a treacherous friend of mine
that actually happened to a treacherous
friend of
mine and then there's this
[Music]
one which is
great and then I did
uh where is that that actually happened
to a treacherous friend of
mine wait
that actually happened to a treacherous
friend of
mine
so oh yeah I got to do a wolf hell in do
hydranoid today
[Music]
Chad day I will be dying live on stream
I'm good who's which one of us is dying
on stream me why for fun but you know
that's awkward
right no not really it's kind of
awkward is it it's kind of awkward I'm
sorry that's like that's like that kind
of like makes things a little bit
awkward taco
it's like oh that's dead oh that's dead
it's dead never say awward t to be ever
again actually thanks I well you're not
really giving me much of a
choice
well well I've picked up your I've
picked up your reboot
card thanks yeah is it purple can M be
purple sure for for you for you I do
this for you
your card is
purple was so
nice daddy said
I'm that's so true
Patty I'm I'm
amut I'm like ring everyone's [__]
like parts of speech what are we doing
we're going
gaming let's go gaming let's go gaming
sorry I'll put it on screen in a second
for
you than says I am
bronut also shout out NY what's going
on on the topic of Sophia get try to put
dny onto
Sophie
yay yeah you're all right I can't I
can't wait to hear this again I can't
wait to hear Arthur say it
again that actually happened to a
treacherous horse of mine am I still
Demetrius oh that was you you oh yeah
you're still
Demetrius you are still
Demetrius and then I need to switch my
[__] input [__] you [__] you [__]
[__] [__] you good job
Shelly hi I'm Shelly
Deval it's time to go all in I haven't
played poker in a little bit on this
[Music]
game except for today I think I've been
like doing 8 to n hours on on the album
each day of the past
week today I didn't really I only spent
like 3 hours
you spent 328 hours no that's the name
of the one who
died yeah oh is that Pleasant to
you you teach us how to gamble properly
all I ever do is gain
money hey oh oh ken just blue screened
me it's me hope you've been good out
there since when the [__] you'll see
ever good out
there I remember what we were doing
here there's a question mark on my map
why is trani
enormous also when do I get to see the
electric
chair when do I get to see the electric
chair I'm so excited I'm going get the
electric chair yay that's
awkward as it as it would as it were as
it were dying is awkward
oh did I just walk to it good that's the
ticket right
21 21 yes see you get
it I am the getter getter
like who's
that uh dog
oh 21
one could I like go over here I could go
over
there
[Music]
uh that's the chill
Landing cuz that one's a little bit more
chill than the
rest
um wait why is there like an evil place
over here
oh that's hell that actually happened to
an evil place of
mine that actually happened to
a I've died before it's not that awkward
as long as you have like the right
people with you you know there's like
something oddly profound about that
phrasing
H yeah there's something kind of
profound about that phrasing that's a
good sentence that you
said such Shadow there I think right now
I kind I feel like just wandering around
and seeing what happens cuz like I'm
just focusing on doing like the missions
and stuff and there's like a lot of
unexplored areas here and like [__]
always happens whenever you're anywhere
in this game so I'm just like I I just
want to [__] walk
around just like real life just like
yeah this is kind of just how things
work in real life
too uh I
might really quickly cuz what's
my uh
I know a lot of media tends to try and
like sway how you feel about characters
but I feel very fascinated by the fact
that like I care about almost all the
characters in this Camp even though
everyone's basically a mass
murderer thank you for your help with
Miss
Jackson don't mention him Miss Grimshaw
you're a fine man Mr Morgan sometimes at
least thank you I
think
thanks thanks that was nice of you
uh morning Mr
Summers okay there is like the stew is
currently being prepared check again
afternoon oh I want stew right now uh
that's that's chickens what are you
doing with the chickens oh you're
feeding them
good
morning
hey
hi
uh what's
this and how are you hey
Arthur you want to
talk sure bro
you okay Arthur
sure you don't look
okay I'm
fine what you been
doing acting like a fool how
so hurting and robbing folks I didn't
need
to n you have been
busy that's one way of looking at
it we good Man
Arthur underneath I
mean I've lost my mind Mary
Beth finally
happened uh I don't feel in
control just stay calm and do what you
do
best it seems I'm best at
Mayhem sure I'm no better than M yes you
are just do what you got to do she's
very adamant about that stop you never
be mAh
we'll
see you would never
beong I never
what I'm taking all the whiskey
now or the Jin
apparently and the snake oil and the
rum and the potent healthc care
and the rum
again and nothing else I think
apparently that's all he wanted I
suppose morning Mr Morgan stop yelling
at
people
um
well looks like we'll live to see at
least a few more
days folks are happy Arthur happy well
they're fed which is the next best
thing okay sentences that people
say
um did you say Among
Us I wish you don't have to wish make
your dreams a reality okay Among Us holy
[__] you said it yeah baddy can you say
farflung destinations
dby said no no
no no no
no can I can I can I can I where's
bullets I need bullets bro I need
bullets now where are the where's the
bullet
land oh maybe it's in the
cabinet
wait I just I want my
bullets oh wait if you so I'm very smart
Peter what are you doing see I'm very
smart crack all right let's take
this okay
nice Arthur don't
okay Peter what are you
doing
crack what the [__] [__]
right cck
right sorry I'm
sorry all
right
crack far crack
destinations
no Pearson you said hello to me already
what is it what the [__]
kieren the O'Driscoll boy no I haven't
firstly he isn't an O'Driscoll and
secondly I'm
worried but I'm sure he'll turn
up good morning okay thank you Uncle is
morning to
you being that way right
now no way Hawk That mp3 it would be
even great if there was a second one you
know Hawk number
Tua stop
sighing
what said kill
you yeah my boy my boy my
boy all right
I have my compass and that's all I
really need I'm just going to just going
to run
around see where the wind takes
us going out for a for a
ride okay there I need to brush you
that's good for
[Music]
[Applause]
help main right there nice and obedient
whoa
easy keep your distance enem of enem
of hey let the man be oh good
oh they were Raiders I should have
killed them
[Music]
faster three head shot I think they're
de why is your name Morgan
let
make
okay
go time to go boy I just killed your
owners you're free to run run run run I
should not run on the train track
maybe people people can share names like
horses welcome to auso
hey don't say that about the tortoise
[Music]
yeah do the marrow thing jump on
let's
see why don't we just keep running this
way see what this like gray area over
here
[Music]
is yeah the sound design for this game
is is great yeah it's very weighty it's
very spite easy being a realistic game
the you okay
boy the sound design style is kind of
stylized and like not just Bare Bones
utilitarian like it has it has quite a
bit of like
attitude every all the sound design of
this game is made to make everything
feel harder than life like so much
better than if they just tried to be
utilit the sty is kind of St
Tripp this is why I usually write things
first instead
of
this we're in
like by the hello
shall V py stream is the most scripted
stream in history
why is everything scary all of a sudden
hey there
mister morning why did you walk over
that we must be in the Locust room with
all the locusts surrounding me right now
hey your hay bale just got [__]
will you move
red ass
[Music]
hor hey
there get out of my how about get out of
my
sight well what if I get out of your
sight but into your
auditory
right ah I am but the strange Genie I
grant your arrest but also I'm annoying
as [__] I need to refill my thing
[Music]
will you quit with that damn Mexican
garbage uh-huh keep clear we got
dangerous Foreigner
here on your way to a hanging boss the
heck do you want anyway I won't ask you
again
mov what did they do St
back hey call take I know Manish too I
ask
guys hey shoot the lock
graas thank
you okay
goodbye go run in the mud I
suppose you think I'm
joking okay well
so much for a nice Sunday stroll a nice
baddy Friday stroll a nice Tuesday walk
a nice
Wednesday
sauner remember to use the mask here I
keep forgetting that don't I
it's literally free too it's like you
just do that but I just like I don't
know I don't think they really know it's
me
anyway what's this over here
[Music]
come on for
F150 there we
go there boy
[Music]
yeah there we go
that alligator better stay over there
crocodile what the
[__] what
sh
[Music]
I want to get out of the
mud it is it is sort of like the
Everlasting bitcher sense
here you can see just you can it's
basically the skill that shows you how
many crocodiles are out today or
alligators what are their
alligators I consistently forget the
difference between alligators and
crocodiles someone tell me now
let's go
[Music]
boy I don't think they're the same I
think there's a
difference Hello Elevator alator
[Music]
person my
dog can you tell your dog to shut up no
my dog I love dog oh okay um these two
reptiles may seem indistinguishable from
one another no I don't want to set up
for your newsletter
these two B seem indistinguishable from
each other but no I don't want to
sign okay so
uh they they are different body sizes
snout shapes and
habitats so uh crocodiles have v-shaped
snouts and a wider upper jaw um and
alligators have e-shaped
notes and like a dinner looking jaw
which makes their Che stick out and
maybe one lives in like more human
environments where the other one's like
more fresh
air uh crocodile prefer Rish water and
mixed with fresh and salt water in your
Coast lines while alligators live in
primarily fresh water environments stop
son and even the name difference makes
sense in my head cuz I feel like that's
what I
imagine the difference between them
that's
interesting also alligators have one
feet while crocodiles have separate toes
well that that's an extremely major
difference
yeah there's only two alligator species
in this 14 C speci oh so you're saying
one has a skill issue
understood yeah
sure also I am in call with baddy the
larvae candy as well as I mean everyone
would know you as azy bites yeah yeah
that's
fine
pizazzy I'm baby you're baby I'm
baby whoa what
what are you the [__] now
[Music]
this place really is just like America
tons of like serviceable houses with no
one to live in them not because they
can't but because the government doesn't
want them to unless someone lives here
it just looks like
[__] oh
okay wait why am I sneaking
around why am I sneaking around
here for fun
like Arthur's in sneaking
stance what happened
here looks like I missed a good party
boys what the hell
damn you damn
you so what was that
[Music]
about I don't know who these people
were I very much pref orange juice
my heartburn doesn't
but my everything else
[Music]
does how much money is
this
$50
breaking thank
you finally the Fable breaking an
entering
award genuinely who the [__] were these
people they seemed mad so
they seemed mad This Time by viol mad
this time right
Boomer okay not even what I
am give me whatever is in
here bullets horse
stimulant gron not leg's horse
stimulant with or without pulp honestly
either's fine break it
down okay
Boomer right okay Boomer why do I think
that was in the game for a second it was
okay can I like shoot the hinges off
that's a question
no okay that's a
no can I use Dynamite to blow see can I
use
Dynamite do they still me
do they what still make sixs of dynamite
like in real life I feel like they
do wonder where I can buy
one
okay the thing is I don't even need to
do that I can literally just walk
outside
can I take these
off door final
boss like it only just lays down
[Applause]
here oh I can see so barricaded up
anyway
it's called a barricade because it keeps
bears out
yeah
what
sure if you
want I do okay it's yours my
friend okay
B okay
B where is my dog
right where the I ate it sorry no
wait I can't say the word but there it
is oh it's
the YouTube will ban me it's the me
Mario can you be you know what hi
Mario hello sorry that's Mario that is
that is not what he sounds like I don't
know what he sounds like but it doesn't
is that and it's not Chris brat either
Yoo yipp that's more like it I think
something more like it I think that's
more like it think that's more like
it easy there what is that oh that's a
person
[Applause]
I say this every time I go
outside what's in
here
room uh
sure why
not I don't want to have the mud on
me no Arthur get off of it
[Applause]
I I'm the rock
climber oh you're so good at that you
even I don't feel like there's a point
to
this but it is a Nifty skill I
suppose like in a normal video game I
could make that jump in here it's like
Arthur takes fall damage we fall is like
feet which is more like real life
there's always the point of you're
having fun true
oh the white
ones there's always a point ifting
like there's always a point if you have
a wet stone
oh no idea what that scouching oh it's
one of those Van Horn
that place on the map oh that's cuz it's
brand
new more money women
men
[Music]
strange what
Arthur you've got off your horse a
million times and that one folded you
hey
Mis I tell you life ain't easy well
don't get
down you just go to people's house like
open their door and be like I'll tell
you man life ain't easy don't get down
hey there partner don't get down
fortnite oh wait it's a once again as
always it is a skill
issue I have a skill issue a skue if you
want I won't how you doing but I
appreciate the
offer head still rolling from the
road I don't really like this place very
much it's kind of
scary when I'm on a quest I get to the
dark and forbidden for us
M That's my
boy um
man this place is a garage what's
happening lesbian clouds
beautiful Oh I thought you said lesbian
clowns I was like I'm I know you that
that was an exciting Venture for you for
like two seconds yeah
uh can I take a train from
here why is everything
scary they asked for something
spooky there Bon are there money are
there
money so are the
worms your ha up but not but not out cuz
if they pull it out they turn to
bones that sound is directional so it's
not part of the
soundtrack Pro tip most sounds in real
life hard direction see if you can find
them I can't I don't have any sense of
direction and I have no object
permanence oh like a baby no like
me I got really scared like what the
[__] is that like that's just the moon
relax isn't that your wife yeah that's
mared
to reference don't worry she's she's
just watching all the time that's fine
every single day of my life
for a
price just to be honest it was all a big
misunderstanding it was true though
thank you for your
help are you a
dog
boy this dog looks extremely
malnourished
but I don't know how to give it
food come on now boy come on now
boy pretty sure it's just like a boat
fog horn or
something it just doesn't have to sound
so menacing
[Music]
oh
hell literally what happened
here I was just here oh it's taking it
down mhm
trone the trombone got him
sleepy what that why oh it's still the
Moon
me when I'm brand new to the
outside oh I get it then each night oh I
get it the moon repeats each night
except it's always
there yeah even during the day's
time easy
now
God please
[Music]
dude shut up not a big [__] deal
please please I can't feel my La anymore
you have to get this trap off of me
please keep pulling I can feel it
getting
looser oh
God you did
it oh I
uh I got to get some scrap or something
here
oh oh Mr you I thought I was going to be
oh
God I thought I was going to be a
g you you could take whatever you want
from my P for saving me oh here this
will help with the pain at least oh oh
yeah
nope not what it was for yes
yes that's not going to start a forest
fire that's not going to start a forest
fire
we have a field day over this back in
town it's trying to show me where my
horse
is that was really helpful cuz I wasn't
sure good
boy guess it hers me
right sure whatever
The Helpful horse guiding
lamb can we just help someone now can I
Rob
someone this looks like a nice robbing
spot except for the ominous music
[Music]
good job
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
oh ah
what the [__] hell
what what a it the
truth
okay I guess I had beef with you
oh I get
it oh I get it
that was a good
one whoa
easy oh boy easy
now okay there Bo it's literally
stressing out my horse
hey partner hey
partner the entire soundtrack is
dedicated to that
one hold
up now why are there more
sounds I heard rustling
[Music]
or that just me am I scaring
myself am I an anxious
horse
maybe anyway entire soundtrack is
dedicated to that whole whole
Bowl what yeah you all right there
boy okay
why why are there so many ond sounds and
why is my horse so [__] stressed out
where are we what the [__] is this easy
who
you're okay
[Music]
more everything is stressing my horse
out you're a good boy I think we need to
get out of here
what is that can I run it
over go go
go oh it is a
fo
oh
oh oh God okay
hi hey you damn cave dwellers let her go
now hey move
along you ain't n your that's
nice stops I've killed them
[Music]
relax you're you're fine
easy man you're okay you're
gone oh
God
[Music]
God okay
I wonder what they get up to when
they're gone it would be really like
funny if like once they're once they're
out of Harm's Way and they're back
somewhere normal they just like go on to
like a normal like routine or
something like 5 minutes after you catch
up with them and you like greet them
you're like hey there partner what's
going on
[Music]
okay what is with these music
cues easy
boy me meow meow meow
meow good boy
here no I do it better shut
up animals in this game think they can
out
do yeah
how there
mister get away from me calm
down hey what the
[Music]
hell well I thought I was going to go
meet up with Alvin and the Chipmunks
yeah let's go meet up with Alvin
oh I know where we
at why are the lights
on nobody moved in
here why does my horse get anxious
around the bulll but not like around
the rocket
why is this place so like well
stock and full of
stuff are they get off of it
Arthur I had the Instinct of maybe just
shoot that person I don't know why
horsey follow
them we kill them if they don't say hi
to
us
easy hey there hey well you can
[Music]
live where go way
designer abandoned home who is
it oh you only get one I
know you only get one hey hi hi stard
chat she only gets
one the infamous greeding band [__] do
you because I Bic because I I I started
chasing the person I said I'm going to
kill them if they don't say hi to me
and the Miss had hiding
me so I didn't kill them and here they
were me you should have killed them
anyway no I'm benevolent
sometimes not even going the right way
[Music]
again yep yep
you okay
[Music]
boy
what that happened to 328 no
no there was a body for 328
remember no I don't who is 328 I don't
even remember what you're talking about
oh
[Music]
okay fine morning partner okay
there there boy
okay we're going to go get to Albert and
the
Chipmunks easy
easy that's a musat
[Music]
than
very small church for a very small
congregation
mhm get in there Arthur
small what is
this that's
church for
gnomes The Gnome
church I'm going to go to bed okay bed
go good night good night good
night one down good night
Ron good night good night rut
you'll never rid of
me
gun actually wait you're the you're like
the last person I should try that
on to okay so GW little known fact
having knowledge about guns doesn't make
you immune to getting shot sure
but bullets bullets do still hurt me
sure
but you have like you have the animals
what
oh don't call Select do that no that
what shouldn't be here what do you mean
I have the animals I do have multiple
animals but they contain with one body
so I still do
die
come I was just
I good boy I was
leaving wait are they still shooting at
me or someone
[Applause]
else are they still shooting at me
what what manner of activity is this
what does this
mean oh
okay just a little summer fun I
suppose Colgate says Minecraft Manhunt I
think not
even well maybe
was it the Colgate Comedy Hour what was
it all right here's that [__]
let's see
now they creep up on you you
know Mr Morgan how are you well sir what
are you working on do you know anything
about alligator only the basics avoid
them wherever possible
well did you know that in the last 50
years we've killed 90% you say that like
it makes you sad they're beautiful
creatures let's see how you speak when
one of them's got you in a death row yes
I will make some creature a very happy
lunch one of these days let's try and
avoid that from happening today h when
you stay there you'll get a great shot
then you'll get
eaten what a way to go why don't we take
this boat out and I'll protect you come
on get in the boat he'll be fine well if
you really think that's necessary you
carry on shooting from that bank you're
going to wish them wolves had eaten you
really
yes the 10% who survived they're the
nasty
ones all right
then um that's saw a movement to the
north of us oh into the West oh into the
Northwest there that that's probably
where we should look
let's go look then when we find one line
me up so I can get the shot I'll try
don't get too close we'll scare them
away close but not too close got
it oh look to that little beach BS if
we're in luck an alligator won't be far
away saving alligators but you don't
mind that pork chop getting butcher pork
chop isn't in danger of
extinction last year they brought 10,000
skins out of the swamps of Le Moine
alone the at him it's guarded quick
quick I must get this shot we caught him
in the middle of his dinner this is
history making truly nature in all its
glory and cruelty would have been you if
you stayed on that bank where I found
you don't okay so um now it's Southwest
or do West you know in the season there
are more alligator Hunters down here
than than alligators maybe you can take
a photograph of one of them then very
droll there was even a tour company that
let excursionists shoot from the deck of
a paddle steamer tucked up the waterways
and turned whole bayos into mud
thankfully the state legislature put a
stop a paddle steamer huh now why didn't
we think of that
[Music]
there yes yes there oh no he's gone ah
could you stop the boat just there off
the island sure we stopped too long
locals are going to start getting
curious just just there please so so I'm
facing the land mass right now look
there's an alligator back in those Palms
could you could you run in there and
coax him out coax him please he's quite
so something if I could take that
fellow's likeness it might it might just
save him from the
taxidermist
F maybe I want this monster stuffed in
on
display that's the spirit how you go
then get him and uh get him to notice
you and then turn tail and run I don't
like this not one bit
disapp the of
the'll he's
aw back
here no no no
no I think you misunderstood our purpose
here put that
away got him what a specimen nearly got
him eating me put that away we're
conservationists not killers
head Southeast good man we have a final
spot to check 17 ft 19 ft 21 ft with a
5ot head what they found some big bulls
in these parts surely they did There's
20ft Gators here and us two idiots are
sitting in a 12T skip no this is in the
70s ' 80s all the really big Gators have
been hunted out and killed more the
shame I say it's terrible ain't shame to
this Rowan fool who values his arms
being attached to his body it's them or
us especially with the big
[Music]
ones
help this is abnormal
so close that's L I thought there was
enough water to go through it clearly
there wasn't right right there in the C
rake that's a likely spot for one esate
beast in Repose always Cal as the
Predator
lurks we can congratulate ourselves on a
job well done Mr Morgan take us back
where we began anyway I hope you got
something worth printing oh surely the
nation will see these beautiful Beasts
for what they are killing
machines no well yes maybe that's not a
bad thing this is America after all we
hold a love for killers that borders on
maab loving Killers is part of our
makeup maybe
maybe but usually we wait
until no I want hear that should do it
yes these pictures you're taking yes
they going to be any
good I certainly hope so though I doubt
it the subject is Magnificent the
backdrop
jaw-dropping but the agent of beauty is
a talentless fool although maybe I'll
strike a few lucky shots you sure do
make me laugh that way you talk about
yourself Mr Mason well I'm good for
laughing at if nothing else I didn't
mean it like that I know still I feel
such a fool around you sir don't worry
about
it I foresaw many an ignominious future
for myself but never Damsel in Distress
well good luck Mr Mas thank you and to
you too sir try and stay out of trouble
I shall certainly
try okay now you know I I can say um I
think his camera is basic on 1899
Scoville and Adams solar graph camera
it's a large format this game it takes
place in 1899 I know I know I'm just
saying it's not actually his camera
isn't a specific one though it's a
little bit off but I think that's
probably the most likely one was based
on cuz the handle on it is very
similar so maybe you could ask the
question if he's actually taking good
photos or not um he had a light bar
which is
goody that old film even in like
daylight um so maybe he got
something
something I think you know he seemed he
seemed experienced enough I'll say he
got a good
photo electric chair
time I was oh brother dor [__]
brother
orins all right we'll just go
south I don't like all this
mud yeah yeah you all right there boy
there we
[Music]
go
morning
morning electric chair spectacle time to
show your living
hell who
easy thought this said a
Hao hey
mister hello hello
hello you have
shoes oh my God Tracer
OverWatch Tracer
OverWatch wait why are you saying
that be so quiet
B why did you say Tracer
OverWatch morning don't say that to me
Jesus
Christ these people on the road don't
have any respect
[Music]
where you at are you going to work at
all
today you don't know what I've
done hey mister look at
here gentlemen
one moment please this is extremely
delicate
Rarity
hey there
wonderful algen and wasp purveyor of the
Exotic and the Exquisite on Shante a
tacitus Kilgore how can I help you may I
interest you in a uh hat
perhaps how about a nymph I import them
from Brussels the idiots in this town
all want Italian nymphs but the Italians
make the coarsest of marbling I mean
quite frankly the Baroque is an
Abomination Belgium now that is a land
for the connoisseur oh yes yeah as I
always say but you know I'm not really a
nymph kind of man no of course too
ephemeral you want something uh more
tangible more Gothic I also make corsets
would you like a corset I always wear
one uh no I don't think so I ride a lot
of horses um the whalebone might stick
in
well a cup of tea uh
sure and what is it you do Mr Kilgore
are you a Gentleman of Leisure an AIT an
artist I suppose I'm kind of an
adventure H yes of course you are here
be careful with the China sir it is
French not Belgian no no no no no no
they are Philistines in that area not to
be trusted youth eternally preserved in
Marble is more their specialty I fear
China will always elude them now why are
you here exactly I don't know you're an
adventurer a Wanderer a lost soul cast
out from Heaven sure well I do pay
exceptionally well for certain objects
needed for my art you do I do
exceptionally well well what do you need
let's see right now I have a couple of
commissions I need at least 15 Egret
plumes good ones
obviously also need 15 assorted orchids
here's a list okay I will see what I can
do thanks for the tea thank you tacitus
it'll be very worth your
while it's so nice to have clear
representation in this game Sav is all
covered
FS hunting for scalps in the mountains
makes me wish I was young again i' take
care of those bastards myself how do you
do sir well it's got to get wor for it
get
better why you up in my
business let's go
boy Arthur needs a bath but there's like
no hotel in this
place as far as I can tell
anyway mister
I forgot last time we he we shot the
racist with a bone
AR I thought the boat would be
quieter my boy everyone saw it happen
part come
on how you do
it's time for the electric
chair
hello open your eyes welcome one welcome
all to this excellent demonstration
of there you're going to be in a better
place stay
calm breathe deep and repent for you
will be moved to a better
realm ladies and
gentlemen
behold the calm removal of this
B
[Music]
[Applause]
existence
incredible he's nearly dead so
[Music]
[Applause]
Humane this is taking forever
take his life may have been troubled but
his passing is peaceful kill him
already somebody shoot me
please this is not
what any of them wanted let's get out of
here don't seem overly Humane to me I
think it's mighty
fine no no
please help hey now please help
me I need help oh God
Jesus unbelievable no
goodness I needed
that so I got no money from that so
I got no money from
that well
[__] that was not clim itic in the way I
wanted it to
be here we try this
again I need him to say y'all see
this that was my best Arthur Morgan
impression you see this
here lost your wi country
man looking for the cheapest hor house
you spend all day on that one
huh hey you de
Mister the children yearn for
crying and I get it
the thing is Arthur is
gay out of the way how do you do and be
still out of the way bro became
French how you doing boy
what's happening right now
you did real
good I'm the sneeze
baba D said Ross you Ross you hello
mister why hello there
can I buy a ticket please the theater
rure awaits you behind those
doors sure
[Music]
does now it better be the same one from
before y'all see
this thank
you thank you hello greetings thank you
for your basent truly I I'm Aldridge T
Avington tasked with bringing you the
greatest show in sandini or for that
matter the whole world bl's see I have
the foresight and for it ude to bring
you acts that when exhibited together
comprise the most amusing actors
captivating performers and Feats of
Amazement for your emotional spiritual
and psychological
enhancement my delight in
inquisitiveness began at an early age
when I was the proprietor of a tiny dog
circus no no okay wait no run it back
[__] you mean tiny dogs are what how did
we get
here
what forget the Arthur thing what do you
mean tiny dog circus how I thought we
were watching like the guy eat like gun
or
something
what which tragically perished in a a
Tavern fire yes thank you oh my little
babies but that's another story
let us prepare now for a
phenomenal evening all right from my
time in France I met these lovely girls
who would dance and expose their
Bloomers for a piece of molasses candy
oh what a delight I bring you the girls
of petite Flor in gab par
love yeah let
[Applause]
[Music]
go that's not what I was
promised not quite what you were
[Music]
expecting come on dog we got our content
Farm let's
go
holding I mean the women can be gay too
but they just weren't being
gay they were just doing some weird
[Applause]
[__] open
up excuse me
[Music]
hey do I know
you
Mr I believe we've met we have at that
Gest in the party oh Evelyn Miller
unfortunately so Mr Arthur Morgan at
least sometimes can I say something rude
sure the mayor thinks you robbed him
to be clear he wasn't very upset about
it he rather liked
you okay do you uh I mean to say Can you
steal things is there a reason you're
asking me to incriminate myself Mr
Miller I'm sorry have you met this is
Reigns fall a great Chief and his son
Eagle flag gent we saw you in the Wagon
train crossing the river cover in the
Falls
not party you were
upstairs you have great powers of
observation that's my people if we are
even a people anymore we've fought hard
we've made peace treaties and those
treaties were broken and we've been
moved and punished and punished and
moved I'm sure and now I am told we are
to be moved again clearly contravening
the peace treaty signed 3 years ago this
will lead to war no my son will not we
cannot fight another War they have got
stronger and we have become far weaker
Mr Morgan it's a bad business it's to do
with oil I know it is but I need the
proof I believe there were some
Prospectors who were on their land a few
months ago who had filed reports with Le
viticus Cornwall and the state
government claiming huge reserves of oil
under their land
just reading just just reading the
message could you imagine if someone
paid full price for a ticket to shout a
few times and then leave when it
starts
so you want me to try and steal it
obviously they can't and even more
obviously I would be useless listen I
realize that it is a ridiculous request
but we're very desperate I'm not a do
gooder Mr Miller gentlemen I'm very
sorry for your predicament but
I'm a working man I got problems of my
own we will pay you very handsomely Mr
Morgan how much I told you they're all
mercenaries there's a price on my head
in two states my friend the government
doesn't like me any more than it does
you like you I've been running for as
long as I can
remember and like you my time here is
now
onone we understand then we will
pay thank you you meet my son in a
couple of days near Citadel Rock just
west of the oil fields okay we are very
grateful for your help gentlemen that
appointment with the senator we should
head over there it's a waste of our time
and
his we must try everything come
along hello Mr Miller the councelor
wants to apologize he can see you now
we've been waiting I don't know how long
or next month if you'd like to
reschedule come perhaps the senator
won't mind
waiting they were busy with their fake
gay hey boy they said it was gay and
then it wasn't I'm going to fight them
with the my
fist where am I
going something something car in tar
oh here no not
here I'm being the gaslighting
man I don't
know I guess it'll show me
later I can instantly teleport again
skill isue
fard to Foody
bastards why do I waste my time
why you okay
Budd fantastic you Americans are nothing
but shyers and traitors and slippery
tongue bull suckers
I'm inclin to
agree here help me please back to work
with a bloody
smile no problem Marco you are the great
genius so we sh the hot poker up the ace
say thank you Marco thank you oh thank
you what are you some kind of European
toy maker no I am a [__] genius with
poker up the I like I say what what what
toy maker hello do I look like I should
entertain
children
no no he says
no I am the savior of the mankind buddy
yes you meet him professor marod dragic
they want the silver tongue American
betrayal and not pay the money to yes he
told to [__] man so uh what's this toy
about it is not a toy big nuts it is
demonstration of my Genius of my ideas
about the source of
life oh it's a toy boat yes it is a toy
bow that I can power remotely using
electricity and Wes you cannot see good
for
you ways I cannot see and still the
investors will not come just a couple of
old ladies and a [__] ladies
please
ladies gentlemen
hello hello
sir okay how is the piles yeah good good
good okay my friends you are about to
witness
history demonstration of my infinite
Insight all of us we feel old you you
are old but maybe I can make you
immortal
using waves you cannot see I will power
this you're a goddamn fraud and this
buffoon dressed up like a buffoon is a
stoie I watch them conspire you
morons I never met this buffoon before 2
minutes ago isn't that right which part
of it so Professor show us your magical
toy boat only this time let the buffoon
control it check if there's any funny
business no this ain't nothing to do
with me come please please it is easy
any [__] could do it and I am about to
prove that here take this and this and
don't touch
that use these ones to steer and this
one to shoot Torpedoes okay yes now now
blow up the little battle shapes and and
avoid the seites they have magnets
attached making near the explosion if
they touch the B
okay if this silly dimwit can use
Torpedoes on both to destroy the
battleships technology can do in the
hands of certified genius and I have
certificate you see what he does no wire
like Telegraph no police system
underwater only waves in the air this is
remarkable
think of those poor boys on the HL hle
eight of them perish to a mere five on
the honic and what the way to go trapped
in a box at the bottom of the bay I
suppose you intend to make an unmanned
killing machine you
misunderstand this is the secret to life
not death the transmigration of the soul
I make lifeless metal breathe like man
well I'm not sure about that
there all gone for
you yes you see what he does now bring
the boat back to the do that sure was
something but I'm not sure what if
anything was proven here the the
demonstration is not over yet any fool
could let me just reload
her this is really remarkable this is
just a demonstration of my prowess sir
the real Miracles require
investment
ah now the dim wit will use invisible
waves to destroy the little sailing
boats before they get to other side of
pond still avoiding magnetic Minds oh
he'll attempt to at least shush you're
not here for this
SP this seem thing the telegraph machine
the motor car they will all seem
pedestrian in comparison to this
technology we are not relying on quies
or call or gasoline no just raise in the
air back the voice of God and funding
from us and funding from you of
course look who rules the Seas very good
very good now bring in the boat back
here foolproof undeniably foolproof but
you are not fools and unlike fools not
fools and their money are difficultly
parted and was this not difficult it was
difficult but it was not difficult for
me there as I say any fool huh thank you
thank you what is that it is the stuff
of life sir it's incredible no no no
incredible things are in my lab back at
do Hill that will Astound all of you Mr
Marcel can I count on your support well
this is expensive it is immortality sir
it is it is very cheap perhaps over
lunch maybe I'm going to go oh yeah of
course and and thank you um if you're
ever up near do Hill pay me a visit
there I will really amaze
you
okay I hope you will forgive my European
coarseness in the Balkans we are a
mannerless
Balkans what is he
Serbian is that the accent
wait my horse
horsey greetings
friend ass like the other
Americans one of
you none of you has come to invest in my
genius genius
hey
hello I don't
remember
Mis hello you know you know why you know
why they're not investing that guy's a
Bullit little thing why they're all
investing and getting
sex that does that count as your
only I that was the intention cuz I'm
probably going to go soon okay so you
were just expend expending it last
minute yeah basically I mean I got I
have to use it before it's like
a as well okay okay yeah fair enough
sure thaty said wilted
flow
okay okay I'm I'm going now they killing
you are they are killing me I'm doing
I'm hopefully going to be able to do art
or maybe I'll die
um could P how is
everything hello sir
how are you
keep welcome sir how AR yourself oh
pardon me sir let me know [__] hey he
just picked your pocket go go after him
I didn't realize
that Jesus unbel I think you Haven
something
is this
stop chasing
me
you time to take a deep breath
and sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry right
here you'll
never that's all I took I swear don't
kill
me you know I ain't going to mess with
this
[Applause]
close
everything oh are you
okay who me
hello
mister
sir hey I know you're in there I can
still feel the damn splinters in my
Palms from chopping lcks through the
fire that is just the way it
is come on now you coward we going to
talk about what you done to my wife
I can hear you
breathing come out here and answer for
what you done
[Music]
[Applause]
look
out you're a dead
man so much for the new
world hey who the devil are you far as
you're concerned I am the devil now get
out of here this cat I said get out of
here get this is an outrage
I don't quite know why I did that
because barbarity is B know it kept me
amused some years you must go my friend
before the Gary arrive hey you going to
do right by this Fell's wife you have
done right by her the little bird is
free I am an artist Cowboy I must do
what I feel look I have an exhibit at
the gallery you come see what I
mean I don't know if I want to see what
this is
[Music]
like straight up won't let me walk over
here the world said
[Music]
no even
fiddle
[Music]
music meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
meow yeah I'm sorry everyone's so
excessively
European farflung destinations right
baddy now said rut
no rut
no hi there
Kitty hey there
kitty kitty kitty standing in the middle
of ground
uh you mister excuse me you
hello evening
sir ah you're back come on in
you ever thought about getting some
enhancements for that
gun I can see you look after your
firearm I
don't do you have enough ammunition for
that
thing no
looks like you've been taking good care
of that gun we also offer an engraving
service in case you are interested
what is that
changing oh it's not even
there you see the church across the
street father oi Carries a Gun a Dinger
I sold it to him just in case turning
the other cheek doesn't
work sure dude
that's kind of
fire we stock some of the finest quality
guns in the
South
yes daddy said wolfit yeah wolfs
that look so [__]
fire just ask if you need
anything how are
youing wait can I customize my
knife I can do some nice onate engraving
on there if you like good
price Me Maybe
let go oh this one has an owl there's an
owl in this
one oh that's [__]
sick yeah
nice maybe I should have chosen a
smaller store in Chinatown something
cheaper but I'm sure things will turn
around yeah dude I'm sorry about
that let's have a look
you need any
help I think I needed that to do hunting
stuff potentially
uh-huh okay
why can't I get these ones you can't go
wrong with that
shotgun come on please time to
go CU like I love that you're here and
then like get the [__] out of here I'm
tired of you being
come on
move
boy so okay there's like no Hotel there
really is no hotel in
here right
I guess there is
show go here
so looks like a
bunny you did miss the electric chair
guy but it really wasn't as exciting as
you think it would
be I'll sleep well tonight
stop right now the law demands it La
don't scare me what
intarnation oh
hell this town has had enough for the
likes of
you that's how a law man solves a
problem what the hell happened just let
the law handle this don't
worry
any uh I mean I am kind of worried you
just go around beating the tar out of
anyone you please you really want to
mess with
me you're just another dirty Pig I have
had it with
you this town has had enough of the
likes of
you just talking back to a police
officer gets you in trouble
this really is
America take another
shot no don't tell is going to kill
me you don't want to make this hard on
yourself come
Qui Goode go ahead keep
moving get that back
[Music]
it's him stop shooting shut up kill
that this ain't
happening leave me G me there you won't
stop a whole fill corpsey
[Music]
someone him already
will Ain going to kill
themselves
[Music]
[__] this already
there he is
[Music]
this
okay me help
some they're getting away
[Music]
that is all
right don't you lose
the we can finish it here man
[Music]
oh no I want full of [__]
he's giving us the
slip you going to die
[__] we got to close up this Gap come
[Music]
on he's getting away from us
you're a good
boy
[Music]
boys yeah
That's my boy that's my
[Music]
boy oh because don't beat up random
people bro again this is just how cops
are it's quite
accurate they're just like I am so tough
because I am government sanctioned
terrorism easy
W whoa boy easy
now
hey how you doing
boy that's funny too it was it was
Arthur calling of a pig that really did
it
in all right we're trying
to like Arthur love you Bubby but you
need a [__]
shower I think we're going to go here
maybe hey okay
boy yep
[Music]
hey
there I need to remember the
mask that's what the mask is that's what
the point of the mask is
yeah there boy
[Music]
Lord and
partner you
crazy yes I am
crazy that's what they called me in high
school I like that the Van Horn sign is
almost the ARA font
oh clean up an aisle horse that thing's
gone they never
Mountain
okay sure
how was everything with you why they
call me crazy in high school cuz I
punched everybody all the
time daddy said okay not
TR you weren't there baddy you didn't go
to my high
school Emoji K just
now what emoji is that oh it's just that
one Mister morning
mister okay I'm going to bed good night
every rut okay rut have a bed good night
bie byebye fairly
well it is gone and it is just
me how do I get into the hotel
now oh hi what else do you
need let's make that messy past go away
right
here
thanks yep all
you now how do I go to
the who okay how do I
have he
now good
morning
oh it says the hotel's downstairs
but
how what do I have to talk to Guy lying
on the
couch howdy fellas hey mister morning
mister okay there morning
partner how do I oh do I
wait oh okay I have to talk to a
poster okay I'd like a room
please there you go upstairs try to keep
it
clean I had to I had to speak to a to
the poster
finally bath gam play
finally don't look that that person was
looking
in you want some help in
here wait is maybe another
time okay then I'll leave you to do
it finally scrubbing gameplay it's been
a little bit I miss Valentine
guys I miss that little [__] mud [__]
hole red dead really makes you feel like
you hate the
city where's my
room oh it's behind the person
sleep to
noon for no particular reason
[Music]
right get up on there get up on there
Arthur all right he's not going to do
that he's a clean and well-rested lad
this time around who's breaking [__]
constantly that person is still playing
harmonica man I wish I could wake up at
noon instead I wake up at 6:00
[Music]
p.m. yeah let just John harmonica
what
what and this is Jonathan
boy fine shiny day not a bad day
guess so I know there's a stranger here
but I don't want to progress more in
this area cuz I'm not supposed to be
here
yet video gaming
stuff I want to take a look at this gun
now
that is very
pretty I need one like that
I have I have been thinking about buying
a gun going shooting again like I did
when I was
little I never owned one before
oh can do that I
suppose I'm curious if we could even get
into blackwat that's even
possible silly part of me wants to try
it why is my why is there a temporary
horse
there oh wait cuz that's the
base Arthur would have love 500 Bakugon
balls
yeah Mr Arthur needs a bit of a
haircut I used to shoot a little bit not
not too much
but I can get my way
around at least a little
bit I feel
like now is probably the best time
to to look into it again
[Music]
I heard the law organ pretty LAX about
it I think I've seen people carry
[Music]
before so up now oh sir just in time I'm
lost out here and I ain't got no food
and no
water uh why not oh you're a good man a
good man yeah I know this going to
[Music]
happen just had to ask for help huh
like why must you try it thanks for the
$1 hor yets come
[Music]
here that's my horse you all right there
boy you're okay boy
partner
yeah you're a good boy
hello
[Music]
there be who was just in this call a
little bit ago has the uh has the gun
autism
so she's been telling me so
much there boy
easy
there I feel like I had the gone autism
when I was really little I think that's
gone
now good boy how will this affect the
production of love and pony St cuz it's
the quick scope ER we do some rooting
and shooting around here
not there
[Music]
okay they just ran me out of here but
I'm back in
here also yeah [__] beans is a crazy
ass username shout out how do things go
[Music]
hello
hey hey F anybody show me some kindness
welcome please take a
seat so what do you need
fight
anything hello
dear now that isn't half bad
huh anything anyone can give me please
help
me fellas will be jealous of a part like
this yes sir
fight that's a bit
better anything anyone can give me
please help me nope nope
all right you're ready to go hello can
anybody show me some
kindness thank
you
baby on fight
ke
anything please you yes please the coin
please please the coin go get your
yourself something to
eat sir I want you to have this thanks
friend it's nice to give something
instead of just
begging I think you could have sold that
I asking for money like a goddamn worm
gobling here in the dirt okay yes I'm
good okay night okay sure
oh well like just take just take just
take them M me please no
more wait that's a not a building I can
walk
into now let's just to another
place uh make
what do you want I want money won't
believe this other night alarm got
so
hello don't you test my patience today I
didn't see you were brand
new how do I buy how do I buy the Red
Dead
Furniture
hello wait where am I going
wasn't there a clothing
store question
mark cloth
ears okay now no one freak out that I'm
about to climb
this okay well no one has the option
freak out cuz I can't even CL
that who is
it oh bug good
morning we're in we're in the Stream
right
now bus
yep B B is in
here no
Arthur
relax good morning bro hello wait is
this you were you were I don't remember
if you were on the stream before if you
were just observing
you can I
here ah
apology please apologize you are
French what hello ah there you are Dear
Boy Yes here I am well we're going to
need to get you smartened up a bit why
well you can't play at the tables on a
lanahassee Riverboat looking like this
not if you want to fit in so well that
no one will realize you're there to rob
the place now come on are we still doing
that of course we're going to fix you up
so fine no one will notice a
thing and being here I actually just
joined at right now I wasn't watching
before wait I I I think I think you were
this is the first time you were in the
Stream technically
yeah you were saying hi to stream yeah
hi every BR guys shout out but also
shout out being I being in chat
yes bug is so powerful hello can I help
you gentlemen yes my friend here is a
need of a new suit we are playing on the
Riverboat this evening excellent will
you'll find all my inventory in the
catalog
here make this gentleman look like the
Duke he really
is it was the english's fault his
grandfather had to immigrate a b
you can see the his profile a very good
choice heavy brow from all the in
breeding come on let's get you to the
barber sure I just good luck tonight
gentlemen ha Strauss has scoped the
whole thing out it's quite ingenious
actually what is the action he has
planned indeed it's not much of an
action at all you play cards and win and
you're going to bet very big and
flamboyantly while you win and
everyone's going to think you're some
new money from the oil fields come to
lay it on thick and drunk all the while
ha Strauss will be signaling you in your
line of sight when you bust the place
they'll take you upstairs to pay you off
and that is when Javier comes in and you
take whatever you want you don't think
they might see an armed Mexican coming
into the safe with me sure they might
but perhaps not you will see the
suspense is killing me oh don't be so
jaded we both know this is just the kind
of innocent fun you thrive on well well
after the past couple of months armed
robbery don't seem such an innocent
Pastime no but we you all of us will be
done here here soon I hope so come on
putting putting a suit on Arthur like
this feels equivalent to like your cat
just got like like a shot and has to
wear a cone or something like that's
what it feels like the the same
sensation as doing that to your pet is
what I feel like I'm what's happening to
me right now is I'm watching him wear
this
suit also we were just at the barber my
good man could you smarten up my dear
hick friend
here boy this unlikely fellow has made
himself a fortune in the oil fields and
learned himself not a lick of manners or
gentlemanly
Department well very good sir no it's
not good not good at all not if they're
going to let him play Big at the tables
tonight
okay no
more there very
smart come on let's get to the Box I've
arranged some transportation for us he
is suffocated the poor gu things aren't
going well between the lands
you mile away
George to the Grand Corgan please Grand
Corgan
sir well look at you from toad to Prince
yeah this is a bit much ain't it the
coach we can't winy up there on horses
like a bunch of countryfied
yal you're a Brash oilman money to
burn which reminds me no shuffling and
mumbling puff your chest out Get outside
yourself yeah all right all right ain't
H so who's a Mark he's red Hamlet you
all right by the way driver oh yes don't
worry George and I go way back it's a
man called Desmond blly made a fortune
and hoser of all things likes to play
fast and always keep some extra
collateral in the safe upstairs
is
so if Strauss is sitting behind him how
does he know what cards I got he won't
but the dealer has recently become a
very good friend of mine another
one don't worry Arthur we're all the
authors of own Good Fortune you'll make
sure you get the right
cards what could possibly go
wrong indeed
and what money am I playing with don't
worry that has all been arranged your
chips will be
wait ah there she is come on okay guys
it really is time to go all in any
weapon here they'll search us when we
get on George we'll collect these from
you later very good sir thank you George
good luck
sir I don't like walking around without
the remember what I said Arthur everyone
one is the author of his own good
fortune yes yes believe me I heard every
word watch Strauss listen to the dealer
and this should be a very lucky
night there they are gentlemen how
wonderful to see you Arthur you remember
this pair of boys we met in New York
come on champagne is on dear old Arthur
his riches can be and feeling luckier
than a turkey that survived
Thanksgiving hello gentlemen hello dear
boy come on come on let's head aboard
drinks on Arthur
champagne I'm afraid we require all
patrons to hand over their
guns good time the tables await well
I'll go find myself a change of
clothes okay you seem unsure robbing a
heavily armed riverbat without a gun
tends to bring out the self-doubting me
these people are virtually idiots this
is simple stuff now have a good time but
don't lose too much money or your wife
is going to kill me whatever you
say now where can I get a cocktail
[Music]
we have a chair here with your name on
it
[Music]
sir good evening gentlemen Arthur
Callahan sorry I'm late I had some
unfinished business at the bar Desmond
BL evening not to worry welcome to the
game Mr Callahan okay Gentlemen let's
play I hope you're a player been too
many cowards at these tables recently
nothing less dignified than a man of AF
to lose a little
money look at this chips already stacked
up waiting for me I like this joint
already we aim to please
sir so how are we all fair some better
than others if we all fared the same in
life now where would the fun be
Qui I guess I Desmond BL the hosery king
I should have brought my other wallet
not my preferred title but yes you
should
have we'll see about
that to hell
with this is probably a bad
idea I best better go all here we go
then
Bessy hello my ladies
Mr blide wins with three
queens goodbye gentlemen I guess it's
just you and me now friend yes it is
time to see if you're really the man you
seem to think you are likewise Mr
BL so what business are you in Mr
Callahan I'm an oil man from a s funny I
haven't heard of you oh you
will you know oh I thought about getting
into hosery
but I just look better in a
suit I would stick to oil Mr Callahan I
don't think you have a future on the
stage you sound just like my
wife H sorry to do this to you but I
have no choice all
in I'm Ming hold on let me try this
again I guess I better go all in I'm all
in
interesting PA cow
[Music]
girls [__] [__] I guess my luck hell is
that you done done bust all uh you got
something else to play with
meaning well I heard well I heard there
was some big boys on this boat maybe
that's not you no offense sit your
hillbilly ass
down why I got a watch look at you an
expensive one real fine Swiss a ro
linger no less it's in the safe upstairs
it's worth more than
you okay I trust you now play as you
wish so you must know Leviticus Cornwall
Big Oil Man like you don't say that of
course we've crossed paths I was
fortunate enough to tour a little
operation heads up in new
Hano not waste any more time here the
the these hands are are a little bit too
obvious in don't worry sir is the author
of his nothing Venture nothing
gain parcing very good but not good
enough
[__]
uh-oh yes you little beauty hard lines
Mr BL Mr Callahan wins with an ace high
diamond flush
God damn you no offense none taken well
played sir unlucky Desmond now forgive
my lack of discretion but um where might
I find this watch it's upstairs shall we
go and have a look why
not Gentlemen please cash these out for
me I I started last
week good sure perhaps you could escort
us up to the office yes of course sir
thank you follow me gentlemen come with
me
sir you're having quite the
N yeah so
far I cannot believe someone gave a grea
a
job we live in strange
times personally I wouldn't trust one
with a gun but fear enough I've got my
own little lawgiver right here very
good next we'll be hiring
Negroes I know I
know I think you're going to like this
watch sir I saw it earlier and it really
is a handsome piece foreign made but you
can't have everything indeed
well here we are
the fact that we know Arthur isn't
racist as well makes us even more biting
second sir of course take your
time don't reach for that gun take his
gun
Arthur I guess you were right only an
idiot would give a greaser a
gun idiot
huh well there's our cover [__] let's
hope no one heard that quick clear the
safe let's get out of here can't believe
that [__] had another gun view in
here is looking pretty good how much is
there must be a few thousand plus to
watch nice now let's get out of here
come on let's let's go meet the others
sure I reckon we've only got a few
minutes to get out of here if we're
lucky was that a gunshot it sounded like
one come
on and how exactly are we getting out of
here I ain't too
sure this is what tends to happen happen
when you leave trone in charge of
planning oh garnish no meat probably
involve us dressing up as dancing girls
and Cann cannning off the side nice
uniform by the way thanks give anyone a
job these days anyway we shouldn't give
ourselves away till we know we need to
yeah that still blend into the crowd
when it all goes
crazy loud as possible will to the bar
senor
Arthur I hope you had fun
sir at the time of my life you boys sure
know how to put on a
show that's
wonderful a look there's your friend my
friend is not a no good cheat and I beg
you to take back the
insinuation there he is don't be a sore
loser friend there something I don't
like about the per of you there's plenty
I don't like about you but I have the
good manners to keep my mouth shut there
he is shoot that
man come on we got to get out of
[Music]
here you're going to die here they're
shooting right at
[Music]
me oh [__]
[Applause]
just a minor
setback
around the guns on the
[Applause]
[Music]
ground you're breathing your we need to
get out of
[Music]
here what do suggest I don't know this
ain't my show silly
Archer come on we
[Music]
got Dam it we got to go come on what
about
the oh for Christ's
[Music]
sake right next to me wow
well never a dull moment yeah that's one
way of putting it so how much did we
get a few thousand I think pretty good
yes indeed and this
watch apparently it's worth a bunch of
Swiss Ro linger or something nice
watch yes it's all right lingo all right
we'll give it back then all right come
on let's get out of
here yeah Flawless plan no one will ever
know all about it
I just wanted to get it
close
Doggy Dog
yet you're a strong one boy
yeah thank God he's back to normal
though I mean relatively anyway
are you
well I will only help the wise for the
foolish are Beyond
saving damn it I thought that was
brother
brona don't be afraid don't be shy I
promise great riches in exchange for a
book read this book follow my simple
guidelines and opulence
awaits hello
mister hello friend do you want to be
rich sure I'll take one that'll be $50
$50 for a book and cheap at the price
you read this and you'll want to give me
a hundred more
forget about it huh
well you're lost
buddy no that album
sucks who doesn't want to own a palace
employ countless servants and rule over
their own kingdom I don't know if a lot
of people actually want to do that my
book you'll be extremely rich this is
what America was made for the chance for
the
the how do you do I don't do
anything
hey I want to vote I insist that I
deserve the right to
vote did you see those engin at
you're walking away from history you
fools women and men Both Deserve to
decide the future this is meant to be
the land of liberty but somehow I am not
free to vote who says that look me in
the eye and tell me I am not the equal
of any man you ever met
hello hello
ma'am you my friend what do you think
about women's
suffrage women
voting sure why not oh thank you sir you
are a true Progressive anyone dumb
enough to want to vote I say go for
it oh a cynic how dull for you I do hope
you grow out of it young man it's so
unappealing
unappealing is what I do
best you a little confused but he's got
the
spirit also oh my goodness he looks so
clean today because he had a
bath you think you're more intelligent
than us because you keep us in guilded
okay what other clothes are actually
here you're back welcome isn't it time
now let me have a
look
and I
don't top hat
what color speaks to
you
nothing what does this look
like don't I have one of
them that I have one of those
I really feel like the default outfit I
stand behind everything I sell in this
place so you can purchase with
confidence it just feels
like it feels like he works best with
just the default outfit you give
him let me vote let me vote let me vote
I only stock the best in my shop bue
from me and you'll never be
disappointed okay those are kind of
cool now what is your PR bir color for
this I just told
you yes my little Arthur
Dolly I have plenty more great
items thanks
[Music]
partner make this country a real
democracy stop disqualifying half the
population we are women how do you do
for the blind we deserve the right to
vote as much as you someone
there do you have anything to spare for
a blind
man Won't Anyone help a poor blind man
money oh thank you sir truly thank you
it means a lot to
me Arthur didn't say [__] oh good day to
you do you have anything you can spare
for a blind
man oh brother
dorkins let's see what's up with
dorkin brother dorkin
hey there I trust everything is
well
yeah
hello dude what the hell is wrong with
look out you look out you turned your
horse sideways on the
road I don't drive I feel like this is
what it feels like to actually drive in
the real
world everyone causing problems and just
being like what's wrong with you into me
specifically stupid n at the church
trying to learn me
again I going oh oh
brother what's wrong with you nothing
I'm normal the most normal person you'll
ever meet in your life also shout out as
your comment please
please it
is hey partner sister my friend Mr
Morgan oh
sir brother Dorking told me about the
wonderful thing you did oh he talks a
lot of nonsense no offense none taken
none taken at all hey stop he's kids
that the work don't hurt him please meet
us at the cathedal
Mr oh no my mother gave me that when I
was a girl
[Music]
clar
who's like
where okay that sound was a sound that I
just heard you little
bastards oh you all right oh I'll live
kid did this you know him he rob me
which way you go that way thank thank
you
get off me where's my watch you little
weasel I don't know nothing about no
damn watch hey you why don't you leave
the boy alone what's it to do with
you I can hit a lot harder than you I
promise you
that all right forget it little [__]
ain't even worth my
time thanks mister
hey you want some company Mister no you
sure hey what I know you this is DS oh
no not you get away I mean hey help help
hold on this man is bothering me someone
help me officer help
how much how often do I have to
like what the hell
[Music]
unbelievable how often do I have to get
into [__] in the city I to go
boy yeah
[Music]
High music
though I got to try and get rested more
so I can hear this music
tomorrow okay there Bo
[Music]
hello Mr
you okay
boy you okay
boy how are you
hell why are you doing this
thank
[Music]
you hello
those challenges us to
frustrate but then over time I learned
to ask how instead of
why often the people that are most in
need of
our Mr Morgan excuse me father sister I
got your cross you didn't no I
did I hope the boy he's fine physically
mentally he's a piece of work but who am
I to say brother dorkin was right about
you you are the most wonderful man
brother dorkin
is greatly deceived I'm afraid but I'm
happy to help a little thank you you see
it's a thing but my mother gave it to me
when I was in noice shortly before she
passed you are the most wonderful man oh
excuse me father sister enjoy your day
see
father brother dorkin found him
I told you Brother D was
fantastic
okay now
what why am I always getting into
trouble
to pay a trillion dollars in Bounty for
being
nice
[Music]
sir good
day let's go boy
no oh I should go back to Valentine to
do
that
uh let's go
here I'll say this oh I
know oh I
know also correct me if I'm wrong Mrs DS
is the person the wife of the guy who we
like beat up a trillion times to get
like money or
something was that where the running
over the dog incident happened at that
place
Hello's everything
is the the funniest thing in the whole
game where we like for F-150 their
dog how do you
do ser
I'm glad I I'm glad I got that clip
cuz I tried to search online for Arthur
saying y'all see this and no one had a
video of
it I see you again
sir I'm glad you're doing the right
thing
enjoy your
destination enjoy your
destination it's not about the
destination it's about the journey
[Music]
sorry what the
[__] B I think be wrote a movie trailer
for Winter's
end I only just now saw this so I have
to read
this hurry up
some dead man kicked out my PA's walking
cane right in the middle of the street
too many
let me read this
out the winters End movie
trailer this October followed the Grand
Adventure of one seductive Turtle that's
right follow Steven through the
discordancy of two fear filled nights of
nightmare meet exciting characters cut
away to Steven calling out to brayburn
explore juicy romance vinyl and Tabby
slowly leading for a kiss for the camera
Cuts again make sure to stock up on
waffles cut away to a stupid gag of
Steven popping head out of a pile of
waffles while every pony else Chuckles
it's the hottest thing this Halloween
Winter's
end Winter's end came out in the summer
but that's
[Music]
fine dog
doop my dog
[Music]
okay
then yeah that's what been
said
anyway hey I'm looking for some fellas
sojourned around here boy Callaway and a
rider called Levan drunk boy Callaway
this Bar's got bullet marks to remember
him by last I heard they was in Sande
had rooms on a Riverboat there Sande on
the river boat okay
then I would I came all the way over
here just to hear
that and he's all the way where we came
back from
from okay drink here though get on to
sandon and have you some sazar there's
anything else I can do you let me know
dang you've been gone a
while okay
fell even
bar they didn't see
this that dang stew they serve on a
child line gave me the back door are you
out of your mind
yes no brother brus
you're my friend you there
yeah what do you want do I look like a
coward to you I mean obviously I do
because I look like that milk sop there
but T no matter can you help me maybe
see even he is sick of hearing your
nonsense you afterthought of a child I
apologize sir for his smell why don't we
come back here to somewhere more
conducive to displays of utter gallantry
and deep seated inadequacy well what did
you have in
mind shoot a bottle off my head like
William Tell this is getting silly very
silly the man is a
[__] shoot one off mine instead I'm The
Brave One I'm not scared I'm a good shot
but I won't even Flinch I don't want to
hurt you boys oh I can't lose either
I'll prove my masculinity or die and be
spared his company come sir
please okay
then listen just make sure everyone
knows you asked me to do this of course
of course of course you boys are
ridiculous
[Music]
okay shoot sir while our courage holds
don't think too much about it just
shoot you got
mine good
shot that was fun what was I feel like
we didn't even do anything of course you
didn't we all know you're hardly
sensient at all another round smaller
bottles sir please what uh I don't know
please this creature is unbearable he
needs
silencing I'll do my best as long as she
witnesses that I'm doing this under Jess
you boys are so
[Music]
silly we're waiting for you
miss
yes now I'll stand on one leg me too you
keep shooting sir and this time you kill
the Beast he emerged fully formed from
the swamps Helen silence you blackard so
the
wretch I'm ready you're deranged shoot
away
sir
excellent
bra now do one while I hop do one while
I turn summersaults shoot me oh give me
the gun let me shoot them For All
Mankind I think me and the lady have had
enough oh I don't blame you sir this
man's tongue I would run too if I could
here for your skills and balance thank
you now brother I am going to walk Helen
home don't follow us she has an elderly
aunt and I fear the sight of you could
finally finish her off Helen is this
creep bothering you you two come along
no there aren't two there's me and the
Lizard Man please my angel do not
aggregate us both together boys you are
too much too much what was
that thanks for the dollar 63 what the
hell
that was
ass
dog G these crackers G these
crackers these crackers make me so angry
these
crackers hey boy
y
[Music]
[__]
dra C these
crackers hey get
moving
yeah how you doing
boy easy boy
there
boy
yeah eat this boy
yeah hey I hope you have a good rest of
your stream I have to go work have a
good work VG thank you for
being no
problem bye
now bye every have
a see
[Music]
you whoa easy
oh we finally get to deal with these
people over
here factory came of course I came
setwood there's a foreman his name is
Danbury is the files in the office above
the refinery room there you see that
light up there I see it if the files are
as incriminating as we believe Mr
cornwall's men will destroy them if they
know you're coming there's only one of
me son I don't intend for them to know
I'm coming what will the files say
there'll be a report from liland oil
development company and you got the
money yes any ideas how I sneak into
this place you could crawl under the
fence or hide in a wagon they keep
rolling in I'll go take a look if
there's a problem call for me I thought
the whole point was that this had
nothing to do with you
ideally if you are quick
you could climb into the back of that
wagon otherwise you'll have to sneak
past the
guards comeand you you think I'm playing
this some people you see
[Music]
that you
Al hey Tom picking up yep supposed to
meet the early train to
sanon okay better get a move on then
[Applause]
all right I'm going to start loading up
[Music]
oh
you must be damn Barry
who
what quiet in yourself friend this won't
take
long dber yes I need some papers my
friend nothing important a file I'm from
head office you're not from head
office does that seem important right
now no need a file by the Leland oil
development company the one about the
oil near Wapiti
I
I damn Barry think man mind is a
terrible thing to lose especially over
such a nice floor as
this it's here it's
here you done good Danberry real good
they'll give you a promotion for this
yes no Danberry Danberry Danberry you
okay tell the guard you're
fine yes it's just I'm working all's
fine now stay
quiet or head office will send me back
to get you
hey hey hey hey hold it right there
weapons on the ground and hands in the
air easy now fellas now we won't tell
you
[Music]
again you're
dead he screwed
[Music]
H I ain't all of this
son of a
[Music]
b over here
come on
[Music]
Arthur did you get the documents yeah
but we need to get the hell out of here
follow
[Music]
me they're coming after us
I don't see any more of
them keep going
[Music]
we're almost
clear that explosion came just in time I
was happy to watch some of that oil burn
so you met Mr Danberry yes don't worry
he was very
obliging I thought you wasn't getting
involved thought you were going to enter
and leave silently thank you you saved
my life thank you I hope well I don't
know what I hope but who knows maybe
these will be of some use here's your
money thank
[Music]
you that's quite a bit of money in this
in
1899 so so what is
that there's places
here
anyway uh let's go to
here the same to me
I'll probably stop stream soon stream
might even stop itself very
soon you're a good boy cuz OBS likes to
quit after 4 hours and
[Music]
30 also being I see you in Eternal VC
yeah wait I
get I get points
[Music]
that I feel so eternal obious there a
little
bit are I stopping the stream once I get
back
[Music]
yeah that's my boy if stream does stop
itself before I stop it myself then uh
that'll just be end the stream by the
way Bean I'm not going to join if you
dab
see now you're discouraging
me be stop it
[Music]
[Applause]
okay for F150 by that
way there boy
[Music]
help me help me I've been kidnapped stay
back this here's official
business Jesus anyone help hey I reckon
I'll be taking that Bounty he's trying
to rob our bounty
[Music]
on Dan
son
y it's getting hard to breathe in these
ropes
here you're after me too I know it I
know it damn it
w s dude okay
F whatever you say
[Music]
may he like a Serial murderer yeah
true easy
whoa the thing just Keel over
[Music]
good boy
yeah easy boy good boy
Slow it Up
[Music]
good to see you back
sir enjoy your
trip you enjoy your trip to
hell you know what I mean
[Music]
you there clear out of
here CL more
you're okay boy
ain't you got some to
be how you doing
boy morning sir
no all of them them did it
hey will you help a fell
out get yourself some real food
huh listen you have to take
this that's real kind of yeah I lost my
money play
poker I know well good good game
is above the
gunsmith
real Hush Hush above the gunsmith huh
keep that in mind
okay why is horse so inty City that's
why okay but
think that's enough for
me thanks for coming to my stream
watching my show and
tell was very engaging I got like none
of the story done except for shooting
the boat and the oil situation the oil
situation is
crazy so
yeah uh yeah the guy told me a place to
rap cuz give him a
[Music]
quarter let me do this
thing thanks for coming to stream guys
remember to be so kind be so gentle and
so
kind that that was the wrong one but
wait
[Music]
[Applause]
remember it's all about it's all